doc(kic) deprecate KongIngress for 2.8 (#4799)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/guides/using-kongingress-resource.md

In this guide, we will learn how to use KongIngress resource to control
proxy behavior.

> {% if_version lt:2.8.x -%}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version lte:2.7.x -%}

```
I ran into this problem the other day, I think the reason why it might not be displaying correctly is because there isn't a blank line before the note.

Reviewer: Oh, and `lte` and `gte` both _include_ the listed version (in addition to the less than and greater than versions), so both of these notes would show for 2.8.x based on how they are currently configured.

Maybe this one should be `2.7.x`?

In this guide, we will learn how to use KongIngress resource to control
proxy behavior.

> {% if_version lte:2.7.x -%}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version lte:2.7.x %}
```

> annotation value will take precedence over a KongIngress value if both set
> the same setting. This guide focuses on settings that can only be set using

> > KongIngress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> KongIngress.

```

{% endif_version -%}

> {% if_version gte:2.8.x -%}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:2.8.x -%}

```

{:.note}
> As of version 2.8, KongIngress sections other than `upstream` are
> [deprecated](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3018).
> All settings in the `proxy` and `route` sections are now available with
> dedicated annotations, and these annotations will become the only means of
> configuring those settings in a future release. For example, if you had set
> `proxy.connect_timeout: 30000` in a KongIngress and applied an

> > `konghq.com/override` annotation for that KongIngress to a Service, you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `konghq.com/override` annotation for that KongIngress to a service, you will
```

Author: These are referring to Kubernetes Service resources rather than the concept in general, so https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects

> need to instead apply a `konghq.com/connect-timeout: 30000` annotation to the

> > Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> service.
```

> 

> > Plans are to replace the `upstream` section of KongIngress with [a new
> > resource](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3174),
> > but this is still in development and `upstream` is not yet officially

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `upstream` section of KongIngress will be replaced with [a new
> resource](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3174),
> but this is still in development and `upstream` is not officially
```

> > deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> deprecated yet.

```
I think the spacing might be causing Jekyll to think the `endif` is part of the note, so that might be why "Installation" is showing up in the note?

> the same setting. This guide focuses on settings that can only be set using
> KongIngress.

> {% endif_version -%}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endif_version %}
```

> {% if_version gte:2.8.x -%}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:2.8.x %}
```

{:.note}
> As of version 2.8, KongIngress sections other than `upstream` are

> > [deprecatedi](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3018).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [deprecated](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3018).
```

> All settings in the `proxy` and `route` sections are now available with
> dedicated annotations, and these annotations will become the only means of
> configuring those settings in a future release. For example, if you had set
> `proxy.connect_timeout: 30000` in a KongIngress and applied an
> `konghq.com/override` annotation for that KongIngress to a Service, you will
> need to instead apply a `konghq.com/connect-timeout: 30000` annotation to the
> Service.
> 
> The `upstream` section of KongIngress will be replaced with [a new
> resource](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3174),
> but this is still in development and `upstream` is not officially
> deprecated yet.

> {% endif_version -%}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endif_version %}
```

## Use KongIngress with Ingress resource

> {% if_version gte:2.8.x -%}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:2.8.x %}
```
